Sid was wafflin man
After almost two whole bottles of wine, I did a bunch of ket thinking it was coke. I don't remember the rest of the night but I was so incredibly unwell the next day i collapsed trying to go to the bathroom: 
Throw up
Just complete memory loss
Took a tab of acid for the first time and proceeded to viscerally shit myself because I had food poisioning, lost my phone wallet keys, some kind stranger gave me a lift to my gfs house but she wasnt in so i curled up in the foetal position on her doorstep until she got back 

Psilocybin, in a city, cold weather 
Took a high dose and stayed high for about 30 hours
Went to a 5D experience with family on Molly and got really motion sick. I was close to fainting for several hours and my family said I was talking as if I was about to die.
I never lose
lsd making me not understand what people were saying and it was going on forever
How about I don’t, huh
Have tried to kill myself/almost died drinking in 2nd year of university due to stress. No intricate reason; the course didn't support me, and I couldn't hack the course.
Nothing. If I don’t take the tablet I will feel sick and dizziness. My mood will be super low and I will have a bunch of suicidal thoughts.
I passed out in a club from hash
I had terrivle gurning on mdma
There are a few ways to consider “worst”:

Once, I took shrooms in my accom and my friend at the time really wanted to laugh at me being high so they kept trying to get me to let them into my room, but I wouldn’t let them and it really fucked my trip up and I hallucinated about 100 people in my room and one of them was screaming at me and I ended up self harming so badly I had to get it checked out to see if I needed stitches the next day 

Another time it was a really bad trip and the side effects lasted a few days after shrooms where I made a sweat puddle in my bed, nearly suffocated  and felt so nauseous and it was not dissimilar from sleep paralysis but for 4 hours where I couldn’t even move to get my phone and I was overstimulated and I kept screaming “why” and crying so hard and realised life is pointless and the only effect we have on others is hurting them in the long run for selfish gain 


The worst trip, by means of getting high was being given mdma at a club and it did literally nothing 
Greened out so bad I threw up 4 times and couldn't walk 
They were all good
we bought edibles off a shady guy in vienna and ended up with horrendous headaches and my mate lowkey had a panic attack 
Was once on acid at a guy’s house already having a bad time, tripping out… then found out he had bed bugs and the whole living room was at risk (where we were sat). Felt like I could hear and feel them crawling under my skin! 
We
Ketamine after heavy drinking = Instant K-hole
friend greened out and i had to wipe her vomit off the walls whilst being really high
Day before my birthday, had half an edible, saw everyone dying off one and decided to finish the pack (in my infinite wisdom). Was seeing flashing lights and shapes and was very nauseous, and was high for the next 36ish hours.
Greened out
Severe cocaine overdose.
bugged out at the cinema and had to go home lol 
Smoked too much weed, had a couple beers earlier too, so slightly crossed. High was pretty uncomfortable, like a mild panic attack. And fairly hungover the next day (significantly more so than I would've been off the drinks alone).
When I took LSD it was extremely intense emotions one after another and I couldn’t sleep for a day afterward 
Home made edibles badly dosed. I was 15 and it was our first time doing it. 24h later still high because I could not vomit whereas all my friend vomited. One spent the night crying and the other one playing with his own vomit. Great first experience 
Medical tent
nah
thought i was trapped under my skin and wanted to see a doctor, but was scared "the doctors would think im alright and i'd stay stuck"
First time taking ketamine, was not aware of the affects and was already drunk when taken so I became frightened but nothing extremely bad happens 
K-holed and thought I was watching myself die 
i havent had any bad experiences 
It was so bad I was seeing my mum standing over me and screaming so I rolled up into a ball and sat in the bath tub for what seemed like 40 hours. I look at my watch at some point and only 5 mins passed.

Another classic is a come down from coke where I shat and puked myself and lied on the floor because my heart beat was around 180bpm 
Ended up blowing up the chemistry department by accident 
Taking shrooms and thinking i went purple and all my hair fell out
Got pegged by a 35 yo in germany after taking ghb, didn't remember most of it
It was good
Tried once marijuana felt like my body was straight and my soul was rotating around me 
First time smoking, everyone else greening-out, and I had a FAT panic attack 
Waking up in an ambulance (and having to pay the bill)
I convinced myself I had been sent to hell, to be tortured for all eternity. I was watched over by Shiva, as I drowned in a multitude of universes, given the power of a god to create and to destroy and to manipulate. All of time and space was within my control, but certainly not within my understanding or even the vaguest intuition. It felt like I was fighting for every breath, trying my hardest to grip onto a single reality and to focus in on it, to ‘come back home’ to some sort of stability. Of course at first I tried to grip onto my own reality, the universe as I know it. This proved futile so I tried to bargain with Shiva, to let me grip onto anything that was at least pleasant. Each time I tried to bargain with her she’d send me spinning in circles, time progressing faster than anything I’d ever felt, such that the rate and violence of my torment was increased. 
Jumping around the fire on crack cocaine ketamime and alcohol and trying to jump in 
Couldn't stop greening out (lasted 6 hours)
Starting hearing voices after many months of smoking 15 spliffs a day - didn’t scare me though.
Tripped at a festival and started seeing dead bodies
Once took marajuana and ended up being a bad trip (anxiety inducing, panic attack). I no longer touch marajuana (this was when I had it purchased legally in Spain, so this was 100% pure marajuana, guess I wasn’t in the right headspace for it).
I had palpitations and thought my heart was going to explode.
To be honest I've never really had any bad experiences from taking drugs, and I've taken quite a lot! I always feel so much worse after drinking and quite often embarrass myself if I drink too much. I guess sometimes when I take coke I just look a bit silly and sweaty and probably quite obviously coked up, which is a bit embarrassing!
Ket everything went spinny
I did shrooms and smoked weed and the grass turned into green anemones that were eating my feet, little black shadows where running around, I saw the wizards big mechanical face (from wizard of oz) in the sky and my friend turned into a mouse :) lol! 
never had a bad trip. one time got annoyed at friends but not because of trip
Once got into a k hole in a pub, was passed out on the sofa, dont remember getting home but was told that i was found passed out on the floor at 3am 
Took a 400mg edible thinking it was 40 while homeless abroad, had an extended panic attack, had a deep conversation with a man who didn't speak english then threw up on him
Extreme paranoia, extreme mental disorder and physical paralysis due to so many thoughts going on at once, felt suspended and trapped in a world in my head
Had a bad panic attack, haven’t done weed since
Became suicidal; one time the house got broken into and we all thought we were tripping but it turned out the next day that it actually happened, I’ve not taken anything since that. 
Last night, smoked weed and couldn’t perform in bed
too much paracetamol, also a lack of sleep, started hallucinating
Nothing that bad. Worst is that I just fell straight asleep. Waste of a gummy lol
Paranoia, and my brother almost died smacking his head on a stone corner
Idk
Got so cross-faded threw up all over my toilet all night 
I bought a full joint in manhattan while I was staying in an hotel with my father. I got sooooo high and I did not want my father to know so I walked in the streets for hours before going back to the hotel. Fortunately he did not notice anything although my eyes were bloody red 
